(upbeat pop rock music)
♪ Oh, my life is changing everyday ♪
♪ In every possible way ♪
♪ And oh, my dreams ♪
♪ It's never quite as it seems ♪
♪ Never quite as it seems ♪
♪ I know I felt like this before ♪
♪ But now I'm feeling it even more ♪
♪ Because it came from you ♪
♪ Then I open up and see the
person falling here is me ♪
♪ A different way to be ♪
♪ Ah, la, ah, la, ah ♪
♪ La, la, la ♪
♪ La, ah, la ♪
♪ La, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ I want more ♪
♪ Impossible to ignore ♪
♪ And they'll come true ♪
♪ Impossible not to do ♪
♪ And now I tell you openly ♪
♪ You have my heart so don't hurt me ♪
♪ You're what I couldn't find ♪
♪ A totally amazing mind ♪
♪ So understanding and so kind ♪
♪ You're everything to me ♪
♪ Oh, my life is changing everyday ♪
♪ In every possible way ♪
♪ And oh, my dreams ♪
♪ It's never quite as it seems ♪
♪ 'Cause you're a dream to me ♪
♪ Dream to me ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ La, dee, da, da ♪
♪ Da ♪
♪ La, ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ La, dee, da, da ♪
♪ Da ♪
♪ La, ah ♪
(voices vocalizing)